hey guys this is your girl mr. tech here
and this is going to be kind of a date
video I some new stuff in my life that I
want to tell you guys about and also
some cool stuff that will be happening
over the summer that I want you guys to
be a part of so we're going to just be
watching a game play I got the other day
it's just a 3v3 skirmish game and the
last time we talked was about a catfish
that was hooking up with random guys
online and making it look like it was me
cheating on you tubal and that was
awkward so if you guys haven't seen that
i'll put the link in the description of
this video so in the next few months I
will be living with YouTube all over the
summer and that's gonna be really fun
time because we're going to be able to
do more in real life videos maybe and
we'll talk about that later there are a
few gaming events that YouTube will and
I are for sure going to this year that I
want to let you guys know I have some
big horse show competitions going on
that I want to invite you guys to come
watch me if you want to and also new
animals and horses that I've gotten
slash i'm selling let's talk about the
gaming events first for sure i am going
to SGC with youtube you'll add july
seventeenth through the 19th in Frisco
Texas SGC is really fun if you guys are
in that area please come hang out with
us it's a really fun time basically you
it's a pet you get to see us speak
because we're going to have a panel room
that you guys can have live Q&A zor you
can just hang out with us the whole
weekend literally the last time we went
I I hung out with all of our subs the
whole week in it and we were in what
they call a console room and we were
playing like call a duty together mario
party it was just so much fun there is
halo there it's they have a arcade room
that has like all old school arcade
games and we were playing rage and the
old mortal kombat we were playing pacman
it was just really fun the next one is
going to be VidCon and that's july
twenty third through the 25th and that's
in anaheim california which I've never
been there so that will be interesting
I've never gone to a vid con before I'm
very excited about it and the next one
that will be going to is pax prime which
I have always gone to this one basically
every year and it's in seattle
washington and it's August twenty-eighth
through the 31st pax prime is really fun
oh and another event that we might be
going to is III which is in LA I
completely forgot about it but we're not
hundred percent sure if we're going yet
so
I'll let you guys know on twitter and
also facebook so if you guys follow me
on even Instagram I'll be taking
pictures of all that so i'll have the
link in the description to all of my
instagram twitter and facebook so that
way you guys can actually keep in touch
with me the next couple of things I want
to talk about our horse show
competitions I'm going to be at that I
want to invite you guys to come watch me
and also what horses i got and sold and
i'm showing so the first event that i
may be going to is jun 20th through the
set 27th it's called region for its in
napa idaho not a hundred percent sure if
i'm going to this but if you guys keep
in touch on twitter facebook and IG
you'll know exactly if i'm going or not
the next one I'm for sure going to is
called region 5 and it is July eighth
through the 12th this show is huge for
me and I have enough time to get my
horse ready for it so I'm really excited
about it I want to see if you guys want
to come room for me YouTube will well be
there so if you guys don't want to watch
the horse show you can hang out with you
to bowl when you know I'm kicking butt
in the ring hopefully so what's going on
with my horses all you guys know that
star passed away my show horse in
October and he is gone he's been gone
for a while it's really hard without him
I guess it's really hard for everybody
to lose a pet so right now I have a lot
of different animals that you guys don't
know about unless you follow me on
twitter facebook or IG uh so what
happened was i SAT Robin into training
and I've had her since she was like a
yearling and she's almost she's almost
four now and she turned out great but
she's gonna be a rodeo horse she wants
to do barrel racing and cow pinning and
run after cows and be a you know good
old cow horse so I kind of want to go
back into showing so I'm gonna sell her
and she's up for sale now so she's
probably gonna sell pretty flew in to be
honest she's gorgeous and I love her
here's a picture of her uh hem so I
ended up buying another horse that's all
around horse that I can ride and go do
whatever the heck I want to show and I
love her her name is jazzy and she is so
safe and I absolutely adore her and she
loves me too so it's really good
relationship she reminds me a lot of
star to be honest and which just warms
my heart a little bit because I just
didn't think I would connect with
another horse like that so I love her so
much getting emotional with horses okay
so another thing that so cool that
happened was I had a national champion
show horse my mom and I owned him when
my mom owned him obviously because I was
a teenager I think I was like 12 or 13
and uh I used to show him and my mom
sold him and he's been going to
Nationals and winning what happened was
he's almost 20 now and he's going to be
retiring really soon well the owners you
know knew how much we loved them because
we raised him until he was like eight or
ten and he's kid he's coming back to us
they're letting us have him and we have
had him in training for a few months now
and he's getting into show shape again
so he's going to be my show horse and
we're going to be competing and going to
region 4 and 5 together hopefully for
I'm for sure five and nationals and he
is amazing I'll show you guys a picture
of him he kicks butt and he is powerful
and not a lot of people are going to be
able to beat us he is one of the top
horses in his event so I am really
excited to take I'm really competitive a
lot of people don't know that about me
with horses I'm cutthroat literally I
try my heart out and I've always been a
champion so when I go to show it's like
a game and no one I get really confident
so it would be another side of you guys
I want to know if you guys want me to
film these kind of horse shows like a
day in a life of the horse shows or even
if you guys want to see my pets if you
guys want to meet them I can you know
film them go outside and you guys can
meet all my animals let me know in the
comment section if you guys want me to
do that and since it's going to be
summertime pretty soon I'm going to be
heading over to live with Anthony or
youtubable as you guys know him for the
summer because i usually put my horses
and training and then I just traveled
back and forth for horse shows so that's
going to be a really fun time I was
wondering if you guys want to see more
day in the life of what we do and us
being dorks we have bonfires and go
random places and take day trips so let
me know in the comment section if you
want to see more of a personal side of
us and see us in real life
and we are actually going to probably
start up minecraft again we're gonna
make a new world since the other one got
killed and we are going to be doing a
little bit of Pokemon maybe I I know
that that is like a big huge thing
everybody loves Pokemon but I recently
just got into it and i just opened my
eyes to a whole nother world it's such a
fun series and game and show and there's
way too much stuff to learn i am so
behind there's like their personalities
matter there's different attacks I just
feel like a lost little puppy but i
really love pokemon so i'm getting into
that so youtubable and tret see and I
are always battling each other so if you
just want to see videos like that of us
just goofing off and having a good time
doing that let me know in the comment
section any other games you guys want to
see from me and YouTube will or videos
and I hope to see you guys at the events
or the horse shows I do and hit that
like button if you guys enjoyed the
video I hurt you guys came in